---
layout: post
title:  "Disqus"
date:   2018-11-27 02:00:00 -0600
categories: jekyll update
comments: true
---

# *Can't say farewell yet!*

Well I have time for one more blogpost today. I'm still troubled with disqus-issues but I'm figuring it may be resolved when I've put my site on the web so-to-speak. But I'm still going to answer the question we have regarding comments on the blogposts.

Disqus: easy breezy? **Maybe**. I googled disqus as it was mentioned in the exam-description for making comments available on our sites. As I am not on familiar waters considering coding, it was kind of *hieroglyphs* to me. Okay, now I'm probably exaggerating but it was a bit challenging for me to understand what to do. Mainly because it took me almost forever to even find the _includes in jekyll as some folders are together with minima. But shame on those who give up! 

My main problem was that disqus just kept on loading under the blogposts and a message *"Disqus seems to be taking longer than usual. Reload?"* came up. Hmmm...

So I googled again as disqus own instructions didn't make sense to me (well at least no enough for my brain, me need easy words please..) One page told me to change the page-url. Hmm, I still had the localhost. But I wrote the localhost-url and guess what! It worked!

What I did in short words:
1. Googled to actually know what to do.
2. Found _includes and the disqus file.
3. Changed the disqus file to what was written on the disqus site.
4. Changed _config.yml to have my shortname and the url.
5. Reloaded jekyll and saw it work.

